.TH HTK 1
.SH NAME
htk \- runs HydraTK core
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B htk
[\fBoptions\fR]
.B command
.SH DESCRIPTION
\fBHydraTK\fR is fully extendable object oriented application toolkit.

Main funcionalities are:
  \fBExtensibility:\fR Develop own extensions/libraries from prepared skeletons.
  \fBEvents hooks:\fR Intercept system events and react to them, it is also possible to configure own events.
  \fBCommand line interface:\fR Configure own commands and options.
  \fBParallel processing:\fR Execute you application in parallel mode.
  \fBInternalization:\fR Configure application texts for multiple languages.
  \fBServices:\fR
  \fBSignals:\fR Intercept POSIX signals and react to them.
  \fBMessaging:\fR
  \fBDebugging:\fR Fill your application with unified debug messages, different levels and languages are supported.
  \fBProfiling:\fR Execute application in profiler mode to discover performance bottlenecks.
.SH COMMANDS
\fBcreate-config-db\fR - creates configuration database
  \fIOptions:\fR
    \fB--config-db-file\fR - optional, database file path

\fBcreate-ext-skel\fR - creates project skeleton for HydraTK extension development
  \fIOptions:\fR
    \fB--ext-skel-path <path>\fR - optional, directory path where HydraTK extension skeleton will be created

\fBcreate-lib-skel\fR - creates project skeleton for HydraTK library development
  \fIOptions:\fR
    \fB--lib-skel-path <path>\fR - optional, directory path where HydraTK library skeleton will be created

\fBhelp\fR - prints help

\fBlist-extensions\fR - displays list of loaded extensions

\fBstart\fR - starts the application

\fBstop\fR - stops the application
.SH GLOBAL OPTIONS
\fB-c, --config <file>\fR - reads the alternate configuration file

\fB-d, --debug <level>\fR - debug turned on with specified level > 0

\fB-e, --debug-channel <channel number, ..>\fR - debug channel filter turned on

\fB-f, --force\fR - enforces command

\fB-h, --home\fR - sets htk_root_dir to the current user home directory

\fB-i, --interactive\fR - turns on interactive mode

\fB-l, --language <language>\fR - sets the text output language, the list of available languages is specified in the docs

\fB-m, --run-mode <mode>\fR - sets the running mode, the list of available modes is specified in the docs
.SH FILES AND DIRECTORIES
Configuration file: /etc/hydratk/hydratk.conf

Application directory: /var/local/hydratk
.SH AUTHOR
Petr Czaderna (pc@hydratk.org), HydraTK team (team@hydratk.org)
.SH INTERNET RESOURCES
Main website: https://www.hydratk.org

Documentation: https://www.hydratk.org/docs

Downloads https://pypi.python.org/pypi/hydratk, https://github.com/hydratk/hydratk
.SH LICENSING
hydratk is distributed under BSD license. See the file "LICENSE.txt" in the source distribution for information.